javascript/spaceage: `Math.round` vs. `toFixed` (#1180)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/javascript/exercises/space-age/mentoring.md

- If they use the unary `+` to convert to a number, show them `Number(val)` which explicitely converts `val` to a

>   number.

Reviewer: Don't remove this. It's still a suggestion to introduce. Many people don't know about `toFixed`.

> ### Other considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Talking points
```

> - While [`Number#toFixed`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toFixed), is shorter to write, using `Math.round` is actually better performance-wise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- While [`Number#toFixed`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toFixed), is shorter to write, using `Math.round` has better performance
```.

Reviewer: The _length_ of `toFixed` isn't really important. `toFixed` is much more declarative than `Math.round(n * Math.pow(10, digits)/Math.pow(10, digits))`. So whilst `Math.round` is faster, the intention (rounding on _2_ digits) is much harder to follow.

In general, if people want to round using `Math.round`, I suggest writing a helper:

```javascript
function roundOnDigits(n, digits) {
  return Math.round(n * Math.pow(10, digits)/Math.pow(10, digits))
}
```
---

I have no problem adding the consideration (it should be a Talking point, not a new heading), but `length` is not the reason `toFixed` is recommended.
